# Hades documentation #

#### version: arkhé ####

## API reference ##

The [Hades REST API](/doc/api) is at the very core of the project. You can find the HTML version of the API reference [here](/doc/api), but it is recommended to use the [API console](/#), which is a more complete specification. The API console also allows you to perform test queries against it, so you are more confident when implementing them in your client.

**Please note** that the API console is not working yet! What is told above is true, but no console has yet been deployed!

### Schemas and examples ###

Object JSON schemas and request/response examples can be found along the API reference page (or using the API console), but can also be found under the [Schemas](/doc/schemas) and [Examples](/doc/examples) pages.

### RAML ###

RAML (**R**ESTful **A**PI **M**odelling **L**anguage) is the tool we are currently using both to model the Hades API specification and to provide the API console. The documents generated by this tool are quite self-explanatory, but for any further understanding on how the model is built, the [RAML specification](http://raml.org/spec.html) is the place to start.

Besides the modelling language, we are using the [raml2html](https://github.com/kevinrenskers/raml2html) tool to convert the `.raml` specification file to a single rendered HTML page. The [API console](https://github.com/mulesoft/api-console) is also going to be used in the near future.

### mongodb ###

The Hades API uses a mongodb as the backing persistence layer. To know how to connect to it, how it is configured or how to administrate it, please refer to the [mongodb documentation page](/doc/mongo).

## Useful tools ##

This section is a mere reminder for simple documentation-related commands and tools.

#### Markdown to HTML ####

All documentation pages are scripted using the Markdown language. To be able to render it (nicely), we can use the [Grip](https://github.com/joeyespo/grip) Python package, which can be installed using the Python package manager, `pip`:

```bash
pip install grip
```

Once installed, to convert a `.md` file to a nicely rendered page, we can issue the following command:

```bash
grip --export AUTHORS.md authors.html
```

**Please note** that the previous command needs to be run as a super user, using `sudo`, for example.

There are some caveats to using this package:

1. The exported page `<title>` HTML tag shows that the page was rendered using Grip.
2. The CSS styles used are statically included in each `<head>` tag of every file rendered with Grip.

To solve these drawbacks, we must manually stripe the body contents and make them yield into the documentation layout template, which should include all the necessary CSS stylesheets and no leaked Grip titles.

#### RAML to HTML ####

In order to use the [raml2html](https://github.com/kevinrenskers/raml2html) tool, we must firs install it:

```bash
npm install -g raml2html
```

And then we can convert `.raml` files to `.html` ones:

```bash
raml2html example.raml > example.html
```
