---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2014-12-25 10:36:15
comments: true
tags: self meta blog about thoughts
---

Hi there! I'm glad you are here, because a lot of love and effort have been put in crafting this site. So, to begin with, welcome to my blog! I hope it takes off pretty soon with some articles. But, what is this all about? Well, let me tell you!

## What goes here ##

This is a place for techie articles and techie rants and techie experiences of any kind. It is a space to share and discuss some things that I may find along the way as an Android developer, for example, or learning  web development or anything related to computer science that might be interesting at all. I do not rule out to lay some other thoughts here too - sports, books and culture in general and, perhaps, some other more philosophical entanglements.

#### Good news! ####

I already have some plans for the future of this blog! Some topics I'd like to cover in the near future are:

- **VPS configuration & security** - about the infrastructure that supports this site.
- **node.js** - what have been my struggles with this environment so far?
- **REST APIs** - it might be mostly about designing and documenting APIs and the like.
- **Android** - This is what I've been doing for almost two years at [inLab FIB](http://inlab.fib.upc.edu), along with some web and iOS development.
- **Legal protection** in IT projects - I attended a short seminar on this, which I'll try to summarize the best I can, somewhen.
- **And...** some other things I won't write here, because I have not decided about them and because this list could grow far too much for you to read and you'd certainly get bored.


## That is it! ##

**Short** post, this one. Please come back! Please! **Pleease!**... No, really, come back some day later to see if a new article has been released (perhaps it's something more interesting than this). I guess I'll announce the article releases through some [tweets](https://twitter.com/nihilsinecaos) and perhaps posting them on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidmartinezrodriguez) too.

See you soon!


#### PS: a short comment on... ####

... comments. [Disqus](https://disqus.com) is enabled in this site, as long as you accept the privacy policy (which, basically, means that you accept third party cookies installed in your browser). If you cannot see the comments section below the end of the posts, send me a tweet or contact me to see if something goes wrong!
