---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2014-12-25 10:36:15
categories: hello world
---

Hi there! I'm glad you are reading this, because a lot of love and effort have been put in it. So... To begin with, welcome to my blog!

First things first, if you want to know what I do, check [my website](http://davidmr.es) if you didn't come from there and keep an eye on this blog, which I hope will take off pretty soon with some articles. You might be wondering: what is this about? Well, let me tell you!


### What goes here ###

This is *not* a personal diary. At least, it is not what I intend at the moment. This is a place for techie articles and techie rants and techie experiencies of any kind. I got this virtual server to set up a blog where I could share and discuss some things I've found all along the way as an Android developer, for example, or anything related to computer science that might be interesting. I do not rule out to lay some other thoughts here too - sports, books and culture in general and, perhaps, some other more philosophical entanglements.


#### Good news! ####

I already have some plans for the future of this blog! Some topics I'd like to cover in the near future are:

- **Server configuration** - about the infrastructure that supports this blog and some other pages under the [davidmr.es](http://davidmr.es) domain.
- **node.js** - what have been my struggles with this awesome environment so far?
- **REST APIs** - it might be mostly about documenting REST APIs and the like.
- **Android** - yeah! Android! This is what I've been doing for more than a year, so expect quite a few of articles on this subject!
- **Legal protection** in IT projects - I attended a short seminar on this, which I'll try to summarize the best I can.
- **And...** some other things I won't write here, because I have not decided about them and because this list could grow too much for you to read - you'd certainly get bored.


### Some bits about me ###

Yes, I know I said that nothing "personal" would appear here, but I believe that knowing some things about me will help you understand me and my articles better.

I was born in Barcelona in 1992 (we are Olympics!!) and here I have lived ever since. It is a vibrant city, plenty of opportunities and experiences and awesome people from all over the world. I like it here, but I need to get outside  from time to time, to let off steam and, mostly, because I love open air and nature in all its essence. The Pyrenees have been my second home for many years and there is nothing I like more than hiking up mountains, getting to the top and breathing deeply all the freedom you get there. The blog cover image is just a small bit of those wonderful memories and this basque proverb matches the feelings I get there perfectly:

> *Non gogoa, han zangoa.*

Unfortunately, I don't actually speak basque, so forgive me if the translation is not accurate, but the idea is: "where there's a will, there's a way". I am keen on motivational phrases, so there goes another one:

> *We don't need a reason, we need a road.*

And this quote brings us to the one other thing comparable to my love for mountains: cycling. I can't recall how old was I when I rode my first bike, but I know it was an orange one! I've been mountain cycling through all these years, until I got myself a road bike about a year ago. And that was indeed a good decision! I had done a couple of short distance triathlons with my mountain bike, but the path for long distance ones is finally opened now, and it's straightening little by little.


#### What do I do? ####

So, apart from enjoying a hard cycle climb or a relaxing mountain trek, how do I spend the rest of my day? Well, at the time of this writing, I am undertaking a bachelor degree on [computer engineering](http://www.fib.upc.edu/en.html), with a major in [computer science](http://www.fib.upc.edu/en/estudiar-enginyeria-informatica/especialitats-grau/computacio.html), and working at [inLab FIB](http://inlab.fib.upc.edu/en) as an intern, developing Android apps (and iOS too, in a couple of weeks!). These are not the only things I've been involved in at the campus - I was an active member of the school's students assembly for a couple of years and I am still involved in the school's board, as one of the (many) students representatives.


### That is it! ###

Yeah, that pretty much is it for now. Hopefully, you got the point, so I won't bore you anymore...

Please come back! Please! ... No, really, if you enjoyed all the way through, please come back some day later to see if a new article has been released (perhaps it's about something more interesting than this). I guess I'll announce the article releases through some [tweets](https://twitter.com/nihilsinecaos) and perhaps posting them on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidmartinezrodriguez) too.

See you soon!


##### PS: No comments yet... #####

I would have liked to have a comments engine set up and running, but I haven't had the time to have a look at it yet. Send me a [tweet](https://twitter.com/nihilsinecaos) or [email](mailto:davidmr.web@gmail.com) me if you want. All feedback is welcome!

And, before you tell me so, I have no theme or style applied to this blog yet... I have much work to do right now! (T.T)
